Nepal is a country completely surrounded by land with a very diverse and rich geography, culture and religions. It is located in South Asia on the lap of the Himalayas, surrounded by India in the east, south and west and China in the north. It covers an area of 147.516 square kilometers. with an average width of 193 km from north to south and an average length (east to west) 885 km. It offers a variety of geographical structures that give a large number of natural gifts.
Geographically, Nepal is divided into three regions. Mountains, the hilly and the Terai regions cover approximately 15%, 68% and 17% of the total area of Nepal. Nepal has many snow-covered high mountains. The highest peak in the world, Mount Everest, attracts thousands of tourists every year. Nepal is divided into seven provinces and the provinces are divided into 77 districts.
The beautiful mountains in the north, wavy slopes, fit, fast flowing crystal rivers, lakes, valleys, tar, etc. are attractive things that identify Nepal as a piece of sky. It has been an important choice over the past decades of a large number of foreign tourists. The highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest, also called the roof of the world, identifies Nepal all over the world. It also owns a lake on the
We are famous all over the world for our natural heritage, but also for our cultural heritage. The most important heritages on the World Heritage List, such as Lumbini, Chitwan National Park, Sagarmatha National Park and much more, introduce us as prosperous people in the small sky. Moreover, there are a number of temples and Kathmandu as the city of temples. It is the country where world famous people are born.
Gautam Buddha, the peace preacher and founder of Buddhism, Prithivi Narayan Shah, the builder of modern unified Nepal. Tenzing Norgay Sherpa, the first man to reach the summit of Mount Everest together with Hilary, etc., were the ones who travelled to Nepal. Not only they, but also brave soldiers like Bal Bhadra Kunwar, Amar Singh Thapa, Bhimsen Thapa and others had shown extraordinary courage by preventing the British Empire from colonizing Nepal.
multilingual, multicultural, multi-ethnic and multi-religious country, there has not been any conflict in the name of language, religion or ethnicity. the unity between diversity prevailing in Nepal proves that Nepalese are cooperative and peaceful. It also inspires other countries to follow the harmonious unity of its people. Nepalese people respect guests like their gods, because there is a popular belief that "Atithi Debo Bhawa" is a strong example to
That is why they have fought for democracy several times, because their leaders have deceived them time and time again. Recently, Nepal has been declared a republican country and has declared a new constituency.